So everything about web scraping has been quite theoretical, but let's put it into practice.
In my web scraping file, which I've just created, I'll import the libraries I installed.
So you're supposed to have them before starting this lesson.
So we'll import beautiful soup for and requests and we'll work with HTML soon.
So let's leave this as it is for now and go to the browser to see how it looks.
We're going to work with w the we the without video school dot com and I'll leave you the link in the
resources.
In addition, I advise you to use Google Chrome to follow me during this lesson.
What we're looking at here is the front end, which means that when I searched for the video school
URL, this website sent some information in code format to my browser, and my browser knew how to display
everything.
My browser read that code and said, okay, I have to put these letters here, this video here, that
background image there and so on.
So where is that code?
If we want to see it, we have to right click on any blank space on the website to see the option view
page source.
Here we see an extensive document containing loads of information, and here we have some elements that
we saw in the last lesson, but they are more complex and are linked to other elements that we don't
know yet.
So up here there's a command saying something like hi browser.
The following is a HTML file.
Treat it as such please.
So we have the first tag name head here.
Everything that follows belongs to that tag and it ends here.
So as soon as that tag ends, we have another one named Body, which contains the website's body, which
takes up the whole page and we'll see it ends where the code ends.
So finding something by scrolling up or down is quite difficult.
So fortunately we can employ the strategies of web scraping if we want to find a specific paragraph
or search for less than symbol and P.
So that is to see where the paragraph begins.
And here we have it and we can see where the paragraph ends too.
So look at this.
There's a paragraph that reads, We'll teach you the skills.
But if we look at the code, there's a tag containing style attributes which tell us how the text will
look on that website, which corresponds to S.
So here you'll find everything I explained to you and more.
In the previous lesson, working with HTML and CSS files can be quite challenging.
So pretty basic what we've just learned.
So let's close this.
And suppose we want to find this image inside the code.
Well, right click on this logo and click on Inspect.
This opens a new window in the browser which is selecting this element, and this is the same code we
saw before, but it is focusing on the chosen element and we can see where our logo is created.
So this image is in the IMG tag, which contains information about source, which says where that image
is stored.
And this is the link where the image is actually located.
This information on style.
Then there is class and the more information containing size, height, etc..
So all this information is about that image.
And if we want to search for some paragraph like this one, we have to right click on it and click on
Inspect.
Then we'll be able to look for that paragraph within the code.
So here is where the paragraph starts.
So we see that font weight is 400.
And we see the text itself.
And here is where the paragraph ends.
So the whole paragraph is here.
So what if we want to edit what's inside the paragraph or any part of the website from here?
So let's pick this title and click on Inspect.
Here we have it and we double click on where it says Learn creative skills and let's type learn python
with us.
Press enter and that's it.
We've changed the title, but don't panic.
We're not altering the website itself.
If you open it right now, you won't see the new title.
But the original one, because we changed the instance of the web that is saved on our computer.
In fact, if we refresh the page asking the website to send the information again, we'll see the original
title.
We can't modify the server in which this whole file is located.
Not unless we are administrators as visitors.
We can only change what we are seeing on the.
Screen right now.
Well, this tool will help you find everything without so much trouble.
And if you're planning on scraping webs, you should delve deeper into HTML and CSS as they will enable
you to read and interpret all of this much better.
So now we're going to learn how to use Python from PY charm in order to get more information on this
particular website.
Let's go.